README.md, before:

# Social Network API


## Description 
This is an app I created to help advance my skills with MongoDB

## Table of Contents 📝

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Test](#test)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

- [Questions](#questions-📝)

## Installation 
>npm install

## Usage
To use the API, you will need to connect to your MongoDB Atlas cluster and configure the environment variables in a .env file. Once your database is set up, you can start the server by running:

>npm start

## Test 

>npm test

## Contributing
Fork the project and open a pull request with your new code

## API Endpoints 

### Users
Get all users

>GET /api/users

Get a single user by username 

>GET /api/users/:username

Add a new user

>POST /api/users

Update a user by username

>PUT /api/users/:username

Delete a user by username

>DELETE /api/users/:username

### Thoughts
Get all thoughts
>GET /api/thoughts
Get a single thought
>GET /api/thoughts/:id
Add a thought
>POST /api/thoughts
Update a thought
>PUT /api/thoughts/:id
Delete a thought
>DELETE /api/thoughts/:id

### Friends
To add a friend 

>POST /:username/:friendId

To delete a friend

>DELETE /api/users/:username/friends/:friendId

### Reactions 
To add a reaction 

>POST /api/thoughts/:id/reactions

To delete a reaction

>DELETE /api/thoughts/:thoughtId/reactions/:reactionId

## Deployed 
The GitHub code can be viewed [here](https://github.com/bkness/Social-Network-API). 

I have also created a video tutorial showing how to use the API endpoints with Insomnia on YouTube, which can be viewed [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3LsVPTANH0).


## Questions
If you have any questions you can email me at kbrandon863@gmail.com if you want to see more of my work, visit my GitHub at [bkness](https://github.com/bkness)

Commit message:

updated readme with more information on the application

README.md, after:

# Social Network API

## Description 
This API is a social network web application backend designed to enhance proficiency with MongoDB, Express.js, and Mongoose. Developed and tested using Insomnia, it facilitates users in sharing thoughts, reacting to friends' posts, and managing friend lists. Ideal for developers seeking hands-on experience in building robust web applications with modern technologies.

## Table of Contents 📝

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Test](#test)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

- [Questions](#questions-📝)

## Installation 
>npm install

## Usage
To use the API, you will need to connect to your MongoDB Atlas cluster and configure the environment variables in a .env file. Once your database is set up, you can start the server by running:

>npm start

## Test 

>npm test

## Contributing
Fork the project and open a pull request with your new code

## API Endpoints 

### Users
Get all users

>GET /api/users

Get a single user by username 

>GET /api/users/:username

Add a new user

>POST /api/users

Update a user by username

>PUT /api/users/:username

Delete a user by username

>DELETE /api/users/:username

### Thoughts
Get all thoughts
>GET /api/thoughts
Get a single thought
>GET /api/thoughts/:id
Add a thought
>POST /api/thoughts
Update a thought
>PUT /api/thoughts/:id
Delete a thought
>DELETE /api/thoughts/:id

### Friends
To add a friend 

>POST /:username/:friendId

To delete a friend

>DELETE /api/users/:username/friends/:friendId

### Reactions 
To add a reaction 

>POST /api/thoughts/:id/reactions

To delete a reaction

>DELETE /api/thoughts/:thoughtId/reactions/:reactionId

## Deployed 
The GitHub code can be viewed [here](https://github.com/bkness/Social-Network-API). 

I have also created a video tutorial showing how to use the API endpoints with Insomnia on YouTube, which can be viewed [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3LsVPTANH0).


## Questions
If you have any questions you can email me at kbrandon863@gmail.com if you want to see more of my work, visit my GitHub at [bkness](https://github.com/bkness)
